I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.

Hard work never killed anyone, but why take the chance?

You're just jealous because the voices are talking to me.

After (M)onday and (T)uesday even the week says WTF!

It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.

Even if you were eaten, there will still be a two way out.

A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.

Adult: Someone who has stopped growing at both ends and now grows in the middle.

I had to stop drinking, cause I got tired of waking up in my car driving 90.

I tried to hang myself with a bungee chord. I kept almost dying

Loneliness is when a person always knows where all of his things are.

Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.

I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception

Slept like a log last night... Woke up in the fireplace.

I got drunk last night and my house wasn't where I left it.

One cigarette shortens your life by two hours, one bottle of vodka by three hours, and a workday – eight hours.

All I'm saying is why blame it on being lazy when you can blame it on being old?

Identity theft is the most diabolical way someone can compliment you on doing a good job at life.

You're 10 times more likely to die when your girlfriend says, "I'm fine" than when you are flying on an airplane.

People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.

A wife is like a boomerang – the harder you throw the faster she comes back.

I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.

If people could read my mind, I'd get punched in the face a lot.

How many more times are my kids going to ask me if I know where something is before they realize they're asking the wrong parent?

I'm not crazy; I've just been in a bad mood for the last ten years.

It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world everyday always just exactly fits the newspaper.

It's bad luck to be superstitious.

There are all types of love in this world but never the same love twice.

Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.

Don't get me wrong, I'm grateful to have a job. I just wish it wasn't THIS job.

When you don't know, what you are doing, it's best, to do it quickly.

How do I stay humble? Well, it's not easy, but I start by being generally bad at almost all things.

I'd kill for a Nobel Peace Prize.

My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. He was right—I feel ten years older already.

What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.

A person has to have a warm heart and a cold beer.

Consciousness: That annoying time between naps.

Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.

I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.

Doesn't expecting the unexpected make the unexpected become the expected?

I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off."

Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.

Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much more for them.

When I was a kid my mother stopped breast feeding me. I asked her why and she says "hey, I just wanna be friends."

Keep the dream alive: Hit the snooze button.

I buy a lot of ringtones for someone who hasn't answered a phone call since 2008.

People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.

Who's your friend?

I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn't complain.

That one liner 'i'm not drinking too much tonight' never goes as planned...